(Episode 1)
Alright, good work.
My bad.
Have fun at your club activities.
- Oh, good luck.
- Do your best!
We met ten years ago.
(Photography Club Summer Exhibition)
(September 4, 2015)
It was right after summer vacation,
on a hot day.
I was captivated by a photo.
('Grandpa and Grandma')
(Class 1-C, Yokoi Minato)
Yokoi Minato.
Yes?
What?
You called my name.
Oh, did you take this?
I really love this photo of yours.
Oh, I'm Nakano Wataru from Class 1-B.
Do you have any others?
- I do.
- Show me next time.
Huh?
Was that... a rejection?
You really had the guts to talk to him?
Hm?
Don't you think Yokoi-kun is a bit scary?
Really?
Well... he doesn't come to the club much.
Even when he does, he barely talks.
I don't know what he's thinking.
You don't know?
Because you barely come to
the club either, Nakano-kun.
I'm not very good at
taking photos with everyone.
I guess I prefer taking photos alone.
But just looking at his photos,
he doesn't seem like a scary person.
Yokoi Minato.
Yeah.
The club magazine!
We were going to display it too.
I'll go get it from the club room.
- Want me to help?
- No, it's fine.
Huh?
Wataru.
This.
It was in the club room.
You went to get this?
You should've said something!
Huh?
Thanks.
I don't really know much
about photography techniques.
Don't laugh at me.
I wont laughing at you.
You use film?
I use the camera my grandpa gave me.
You're completely
different from how you look.
I'm not sure how to describe it,
but I think you have something
more important than skill, Minato.
You used my first name...
It was you who called
me by my first name first.
Let's go take photos together next time.
Okay.
After that,
the two of us often went
out to take photos together.
How nostalgic.
You took some great shots.
And this one.
Oh, wow.
This is the one I took
inside the concrete pipe.
Concrete pipe?
Yeah.
Hey, Minato.
Hm?
If we get into university,
do you want to rent a place together?
You're moving out?
Commuting for over an hour
by train every day is tiring.
- I mean, I can commute.
- True...
- If we're packed on the train every day...
- Besides,
if we live together, we can
see each other every day, right?
Huh?
Am I the only one who wants to see you?
No way.
I was just surprised.
So that's how it is.
After getting into university,
we moved to Tokyo together,
and lived in that room.
It's burnt!
Uh...
Don't lie, it must be bitter.
It's fine.
No... it's terrible.
- Ugh...
- How about the miso soup?
It's good.
(December 21, 2019)
Even though we both had girlfriends,
somehow,
we still spent more time together.
Thanks for waiting.
Alright then,
to celebrate Minato's birthday,
and our first time drinking together,
- Cheers!
Oh, right.
Hold the cake.
Okay.
Look at the camera.
You're 20 now, so that means...
we've known each other for five years?
Time flies.
Yeah, it does.
But it's still eight months
and sixteen days away.
That's way too exact.
September 4th.
You have a good memory.
Let's celebrate our
tenth year together too.
Tenth year? Twenty-five years old?
Hey, will we still be together then?
Hey, idiot.
You should drink slowly at first.
Want some water?
Yes.
Okay, I'll get it right away.
Thanks.
In our tenth year, I'll
still be by Wataru's side.
That's not convincing at all.
Ah.
- Are you shy?
- No way.
You're drooling.
No, I'm not.
You lose it as soon as you drink.
I'm not even drunk yet.
Really?
At that time, I thought I hope I can
still be by your side ten years from then.
It's dangerous to chug it like that.
(March 20, 2022)
Is early spring in Hokkaido really that cold?
When we traveled there before,
it was surprisingly warm, wasn't it?
That's because we went in summer.
Before you go to work, have someone teach
you how to survive in a snowy land.
Can I take this?
Oh, the one I made?
What is it?
You'll be lonely.
I really like this.
Then... I'll take this one.
Go on, hurry.
You'll miss your flight.
Okay.
Well then,
I'll leave the lease termination to you.
Okay.
Take care.
You too, Minato.
The yogurt you made,
I'll eat it every day.
Let me hug you.
I'm leaving now.
I spent with four years with
my best friend in that room.
Up until we graduated from university,
that room was our home.
I thought... it would always be like this.
Huh?
So... I actually liked him.
Later, we grew apart.
Perhaps it was for the best.
That's what I think now.
If I had stayed by his side,
I definitely
wouldn't have been able to
stop myself from falling for him.
(September 4, 2025)
Mm-hmm.
Good.
Wonderful.
You two.
Please look at each other lovingly.
Yes, yes, yes.
Think about making
this person happy for life.
That's too much.
This is so embarrassing.
Don't be embarrased.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's quite emotional.
I never thought I'd be
photographed by Wataru.
Congratulations.
How many times are you going to say that?
You can never say it enough.
How many years has it been?
Since we first met.
If we count from when we were
in the same class in high school...
Ten years.
Shouldn't we get everyone together soon?
Yeah.
Ebi-chan and Fuji are both in Tokyo.
It's pretty easy to meet up with them.
But Minato...
Hokkaido is really far.
How's that guy doing lately?
Is he doing well in the north?
I don't know.
We haven't been in touch much lately.
That's surprising.
Weren't you two always inseparable?
Oh, how thoughtful.
Manager.
Your friends' photos today were great.
Why don't we display them
after they're developed?
Huh? Really?
Yeah, but only if
you get their permission.
That's great!
You can leave work early today.
Good work.
Huh? Is it that late already?
Ten years since we met.
(Shioiri Kouhei: Thank you for today!
(I'm so glad you took my wedding photos!)
But you
weren't by my side.
(Minato calling)
What's up?
It's been a while.
Oh, it's been a while.
It's been a while since
I've been back here.
So, what's up?
You're in Kanagawa?
Yeah, just arrived.
Why?
I've been transferred to headquarters.
Transferred?
So,
I'm coming back here.
Why didn't you say so sooner?
Aren't I saying it now?
That's not what I meant.
You should've told me beforehand!
Are you free to meet up now?
No?
Where are you?
Don't get too excited.
Minato and I are just friends.
Friends.
Just friends.
Ah.
Let me hug you.
What?
To recharge.
Mm.
You suddenly showing up surprised me.
Shouldn't I be saying that?
By the way, why were
you suddenly transferred?
I won an internal company
proposal competition,
and was assigned to the
headquarters' project team.
Assigned, huh?
Assigned as the person
in charge? That's great.
Not exactly in charge, more like...
Huh? No?
I'm in charge of planning and development.
What I mean by assigned is...
Ah, I get it.
Anyway, you were praised
for being 'amazing, ' right?
Since I was the one who proposed it,
I was chosen to be part
of the team executing it.
I see.
So, you're the chosen Minato.
That's right.
The chosen Minato.
Why don't you just use a spoon?
It wouldn't feel right.
- That's why I said use a spoon...
- A fork is cooler, right?
I feel like
it's just like when we used
to see each other every day.
Yeah, it doesn't feel like
it's been a long time at all.
Right.
Wataru.
Hm?
In our tenth year,
I'm still by your side after all.
When we first drank beer...
I remember, I remember it clearly.
Being by your side is the best after all.
Huh?
Is there something you're not happy about?
No.
Ugh, I ate too much.
It was worth getting seconds.
My stomach is completely full.
How about the rest of the
day? Going back home?
Yeah.
Then let's say goodbye here.
Let's find time to eat together again soon.
See ya.
Wataru.
Hm?
Do you want to
live with me?
Huh?
"Countdown To Yes"
(What is cohabitation?)
(To live together as a couple ...people who are
not in a romantic relationship living together...)
(Next Episode Preview)
A couple...?
Minato is a friend.
Wataru is special.
I guess that's why
I like the photos Minato takes.
Are you mad?
I just like it.